Varun Gupta: study plan feature frontend/backend and testing

Anmol Mago: UI/UX on homepage, login, signup, studysets library, create study sets and authentication

Mohammad Ismail Sayyed: JWT authentication, backend commenting/documentation, backend testing

Maxence Vigneras: I set up the application front end and back end. I created the database schema used by our application, to store user information such as username, password, study sets, and files. I created our application landing page including frontend and UI. I implemented the frontend and the authentication backend endpoints for the login and sign up page. I created study set library page, and the corresponding endpoints to handle the data in the backend accordingly. I additionally implemented the ability to create and modify study sets and update the database accordingly. I set up the Gemini API on the backend and created API calls and endpoints to generate a study guide and quizzes. I created the page where users can view study guides and corresponding endopints. I desgined the page where users take quizzes, including UI, grading of quizzes and corresponding endpoints to store resutls. I implemented the feature where users can share study sets with other users and access all of the shared study features. This includes creating the quiz leaderboard for users to compare their quiz scores with each other. Furthermore, I implemented a study set chat feature, where users can chat within a study set and corresponding endpoints to store their messages within the database. I additionally helped to modify to UI/UX to improve interface and experience on all the pages.
